Hello, these a re sexist microphones. They uh
they a re made for women's shirts.
No, mine's the opposite.
Um Okay.
So um
let's start.
Um
Thanks for coming again to this meeting.
I hope it won't be too long and especially that will make some progress on uh
this uh this small task that is putting people in our new rooms.
Uh I hope you had fun in uh well,
designing something or uh asking the people about
their preferences and uh things like this.
So yeah, that's what I was talking about. It's for women's shirts.
Um
So um
well, I think you remember all the constraints and the new settings.
I think you'll be more and more used to it
as, as soon as we move.
So we have these one person, two person and three person rooms.
Um And so that makes I think 18 places
and we had about 15 people and some uh spare uh spare, well working places to to put
um may I first uh provide the answers to the, the questions from the last time?
-- And I also
-- checked with uh Maggie and
Oh, great.
Yeah, so that will be part of the, your uh your solution or suggestions,
the solution.
But regarding the constraints,
um there is no immediate plan to, to make separations between the rooms.
So that means basically what we have to do with this setting. And uh
it's, it's quite difficult to make new doors and new walls.
So I think we shouldn't count on them in the next uh four years maybe.
And they don't want us to sh, I mean,
they don't want to provide an extra working space for
Gisela with the other a, the admins
which we could understand because it's sort of full over there.
But uh a t least that's what they said.
So it seems we, uh,
yeah, they, well, we cannot change the habits of the whole school just for us though.
It wouldn't be a bad thing maybe. But, um,
we'll see
so regarding the possibility to put four people in one of the 23 person rooms.
Um, well, it's not very easy.
We'll have to play uh quite uh quite wisely with the furnishing
it. It looks like it's not impossible. A t least on the one that is a bit uh longer
on, on the right. So, uh the one here,
it should be possible to put four persons.
If we could avoid it, it would much simplify things. But uh my
question is, is it,
is it
-- against the regulation, security regulation?
-- No,
-- no,
-- no.
And I, and I went over and I looked a t that room too.
There's plenty of space for four people.
Yeah, I think, yeah, it's more a matter of how to arrange the furniture.
But uh, since we a re experts, a t this task,
uh okay.
So maybe we could count on, on four places, but the final decision is not really ours.
So, um,
-- we'll see actually that would be
-- fine if this one of the person is 50%.
So
for exa
m
exactly or one of the intern positions, the people who might come
something like that.
Um Okay, so these were the um
the answers.
So actually I, I did my uh
my proposal as a slide. Would you like me to start or would you like me to end
it?
Complete? Uh
I talked both with Maggie and Pierre
and
both of them were happy to share offices.
They have no problem with some.
Uh they're, they're easy but uh could be
uh as Pierre
has right now that she could, she's happy to continue to share with Marian
and Maggie for example, to share with uh
it could be with Bruno because they work on the Swiss
-- together and they like to gossip together. So,
-- yeah.
Okay. Then let me um explain very briefly, the, the rationale for,
for this.
So it's the sa me uh
schema that, you know, in red you have the
uh uh oh excuse me. That's quite uh annoying. Excuse me.
Um Hello.
Oh, yeah. Um Can, can I call you a bit later in about half an hour?
I'm just in the middle of a meeting and I'm talking.
Oh,
okay. Thank you. Bye bye.
Um Sorry for this.
Fortunately we were just uh the four of us.
Um
Okay, so let me get back to, to the proposal after a brief interruption.
Um So the NA Mes A rein red now. Um
well, one of the reasons a t least for me for doing this was to more or less group people
uh with within projects because I, I think that sometimes they,
they just discuss together and uh it's easier if they're in the SA ME office
and um which is quite happy.
Actually, I, I also thought that some professors might enjoy or a t least uh
don't, don't say anything about being with their assistant.
So I was happy to hear Susan
um saying that Maggie and Bruno could go on well together and
Pierrette and uh Marian Inin the Sa Me office.
Um So
what I can say is uh that
I also understood that Susan would be rather in
favour of uh well having her own office.
So uh it's, it's, it's working like this.
I put the lounge in the middle.
It's also one of the rooms with the fewer uh the fewest uh windows.
So I think that's not a problem because you're
not going to just stay there and stare outside.
Uh But it's, it's nicer to have a nicer view from your office. I guess
putting the printer in the lounge is just killing the lounge.
I don't know. Yeah. Maybe I thought in an angle but that's obviously not very,
you a re printing all the time.
-- Yeah. Why
-- not put the printer out in the
-- hallway? Okay.
-- And so next to the photocopy, maybe it wouldn't be a bad place here.
-- Is there
-- any space there for photocopy and printer?
Yeah, we'll have to check the,
yeah, but the printer is quite small. If we find, find just a small table for it.
M maybe, maybe one day we'll have a photocopy that is also a printer. So
okay. But I, I wouldn't s well insist on this, I think. Okay.
So the printer will, will remove it if we work from this uh this solution.
So um im two is more or less in the upper left side.
Um I said more or less
um uh upper uh lower left side uh you have Swiss
and
Parmenides. So the two projects from the list
and then me
SLT on the on the right side,
maybe not a ve a very good solution for G
if you can suggest something uh better because she's with two people who
uh well, two phd students
and it's true that she has, yeah, a lot of phone calls to make.
But um it's some way to, to solve some constraints. I think this is a very open thing.
Uh If you want, we can use this document or we could just
say first listen to your suggestions and see if
we erase everything or just do some modifications using
question.
What's the justification for giving Nancy her own office?
Um Yeah, maybe not a very strong one.
And I, maybe you a re you have better suggestions. Um It was, I think, sort of one of the
uh places they re that remain.
And I, I think, yeah, there is no strong constraint and uh
well, she's a smoker but the policy is that we don't smoke.
So it's even better if she's uh with a second person,
I
have
a
suggestion to put
Gisela
to switch Nancy and
Gisela.
Uh huh.
Ok.
A
the facts on the printing machine,
the printer
in the one person room,
Gisela
will
not be very happy about that. Uh
We tried that and
Gisela really didn't like to have the printer
and people in and out.
Yeah, that was the case. And uh she was a bit, uh
an admin room
clearly identified as
an admin room and only an admin room.
We could store files there where you
can
close
it.
You have the personal files of the, of the people of the, of the, of the unit,
-- et cetera,
-- et cetera.
Okay. So if you want, I can already
do
-- this change
-- here against the fact that my personal files,
a reinafinain a room that is not specifically dedicated for that.
The
professors, uh, you have,
there's no printer or there's only one printer.
Um, because if not the person, the printer can go in a room of three people.
That's typical case where there's the lab and there's, the printer is there.
Yeah. But the printer can be in the, in the,
-- yeah,
-- the, yeah, when the printer is, yeah, it's, it's the main one.
We have a secondary one which we could try to accommodate in another room.
But it's basically, yeah, the pe the, the printer where everybody prints.
Um,
so I changed this.
So maybe I would suggest
let me le c can I hear also? Let, let us hear from you
and then
if we can work out the solu common solution from this one, then we go back to,
to this slide
and if not, um, we'll just, I'll start from scratch
right to share the room with you is a view on the old town, let's say.
Mm-hmm.
Okay. You have to be aware of what I was
saying last time
that you will have to suffer some calls
suffer from p
from phone calls.
Yeah, I'll try, I'll bring my walk.
And
uh, David, you had also. Uh
Yeah. Okay for
me
as, uh, I don't know, uh, the people a lot.
Uh I, I just suggested that uh there's a la a lack of men,
so
I would certainly put, uh, not two men in the sa me office. I would try to share them
with the woman. So uh for exa Mples, I would uh in your slide, I would uh switch
either you or Martin with uh
uh
the other room. This one
uh huh
oh Let me put the plan. Sorry, I will display um
Yeah, this is the empty one. I don't want to influence you. So,
so you would put,
you have to show us which one you were talking about? David? We didn't know.
-- Yeah. Yeah, I was wanting to change this.
-- Uh
-- You c you can even stand and just show us
-- there.
-- Yeah, but I need your uh your slide because I was talking about your
-- slide.
Okay. So you would prefer the na Mes, okay?
I I don't want to influence you too much but uh
I'm perfectly happy to start
with this as a basis and then change things.
Yeah. So here you can see that
the men is, I mean they a re always sharing the room with a, with a woman.
I mean, there's Bruno
Me
uh be
and Nico
is
also.
Yeah, but for Pierrette
and, and Maggie it's uh it's will,
it's a wish or it's
uh oh
actually
is a woman too.
Sorry. It's the feminine of Pierre.
Mm-hmm.
So I mean this is perfectly
fine and we just changed Martin and Andre for Maria or
Yalena
or
Nancy.
Maybe
you
didn't get your
solution.
What was it again?
Yeah. Here there a re two men.
So,
so, I mean, it's
a mix
sexes.
Yeah,
it's nice. I don't think so. I mean, there's a lack of men here ininin this
Inin, this lab.
So I would change one,
each one.
But it's not so much a question of men or women.
It's more the question of, as I said that
uh
um here you have only p, you have phd students that a re regroup
there, you have s senior researchers that a re regrouped, which is to me more
unless it corresponds to some specific demand.
Like it is in the case, in Maggie, in Maggie's case, in
Pierre's case,
I think that's a very efficient way of doing things.
Yeah.
And for me, it's also, I,
I would prefer maybe not to be in a three person office just to be.
So I'm very happy with you
propose this,
but I could also be happy with most of the other people.
So even in a three person room, it's, it's fine.
Okay. So let's keep in mind maybe this uh constraint of balancing the, the genders.
Uh
We'll see if we can uh
do something for it.
Andre, did you ask these people if this was okay with them?
Uh I've asked some of them
and I've also used a little bit uh what I've, well, I mean, the,
the present arrangement just not to, to shock people too much.
And it's also people that I know um, get on well, quite,
quite well together and also work on the SA me project, like, for instance, Marian,
uh,
uh, the Finnish Marianne
and, uh, Nikos
who interact quite a lot on, uh, on me.
SLT.
Um,
yeah, Maria and
Yalena seem to go on one quite, quite well.
Uh, Nancy had no strong preference,
especially since she's no longer allowed to smoke in, in her office.
Um,
yeah. So I, I think, well, a t least as far as I, I asked, there was no major objection
-- but
-- isn't there just a, uh, a question of proximities you put David
with and yes.
Um, but isn't ANAs
working,
um,
in a,
in a more substantial way in, uh, with people, like, uh, either Maria or
Yalina?
Um,
yeah, that's true.
That's true.
I, um,
c so we could put Nancy with David and, uh, put
Agnes
also
working
with.
So,
but we agree that it's not important to, to share the room with someone
-- that has the SA me
-- project here,
the other constraints, a re, uh, satisfied somehow. So.
Mm-hmm.
And more,
and I will be quite happy to have the,
the full room some 50% of the time.
Yeah, that's a small advantage. And, uh,
I, it's a bit more, uh, more comfortable
actually.
Uh, but
I
mean, with, with the three, the 23 person rooms,
I think that they can mix them the way they want.
I mean, if they prefer to be, uh,
Maria,
uh,
Yalina Nikos
and, uh, Nancy and Marian on the other side.
Well, no, that's not completely equivalent because
Nancy, all a re phd students, a re master students. But Nancy.
Correct.
Yeah. But that doesn't matter.
That's not important.
The one question I was wondering about though, because
three is always, uh,
well, the more people in office, the less ideal
that wouldn't, it maybe be better to put David in since he's only half time.
So that way, then
-- there's not three people all the time.
-- So I would switch David and Nancy typically.
-- Yeah, probably that
-- they should be in this room. Could be in the other one for me.
The 23 people rooms a re really, they have to be reshuffled
according to people personal preferences.
So I
definitely
with
-- Agnes in the two person
-- room,
they, they have worked together on par.
So this makes some sense.
Um
But again, it's also a question of personal preference. I mean, you, you can't be IR
or the person you don't want to be.
Yeah. As far as I know, I think it's probably quite a good, uh
-- uh good
-- man
that you going to finish
the phd or
uh
no.
-- Uh
-- first one should be Maria
but
1.5.
Okay.
Let's see. You
do it this
way
that in the 23 people room there will be one that is not so overloaded because of David
because David will be part time and the other one
not so overloaded because there is a one free position.
-- Uh, knowing that this one free position, uh, will not stay free very
-- long.
No, because don't forget we already have somebody coming in. Uh, January. Yes.
At least one person.
This is still a worry for me because
we a re still,
we don't, still, still don't have enough space for the visitors.
At least we put them in the lounge.
Yeah.
Yeah, I, I,
yeah.
Yeah.
-- So
-- we have a t least three visitors positions,
positions. Okay. So, since we're supposed to do a final proposal, sorry.
Uh, let me move the printer,
um,
uh, next to the photocopier.
Okay.
And we'll find some way to,
um, well, attach it to a wall or something like this
so that we keep it.
Yeah, I think so. Yeah.
Um, okay. So that's the, uh,
mm,
I, I don't think we can put visitors in the lounge. It's, uh,
it depends on how we think about the lounge if it's thought as being a reading group.
No, if it's thought as
the que, that, that's really a very important question to me.
Do we, do we put priority on the fact of being able to read newspapers in our,
in our offices or in our, uh, workplace,
we can read newspapers elsewhere.
And I really do think it's more important for lab to be able to decently, uh,
welcome visitors that come to the lab than to have a place for reading newspapers,
newspapers.
You can read them home, you know,
you can go to the cafeteria or you can sit somewhere else.
You can go on the balcony if it's, if it's in the summer. So,
I, I don't understand why we, why we should put priority on lounges. If we,
if we don't have enough space for accommodating visitors, that's just not,
not
to my priorities.
-- How
-- would it be to put the lounge in one of the smaller offices, like in,
well, Inin one of the one person offices,
I, I know they a re actually quite uh quite demanded. So, um
I, I think Susan you're very happy with this solution. So let's
book
in
with three visitors.
One person room. Is it
really,
it's probably too small.
It doesn't work
to just remove the lounge. We, it's a luxury for us.
We don't have space for a lounge.
Let's let's be,
let's
be
a
tat the A T the A T the
in front of your colleagues in saying,
IW if I have to choose between a reading my newspaper and this c and having a,
a decently welcomed uh uh research visitor, I prefer
read my newspapers. That's just not
just not realistic,
-- but we a re
-- researchers.
The problem is it, it has been decided by everyone and approved by the school that we,
we need the lounge.
-- So I, I think it's simply not. No, no I
-- don't think we can choose about.
-- No, actually, I, I, I'm sorry, it's, uh, you
-- have the three people
that
split it in two parts as, as Susan was, was, uh, proposing last time with a,
who was a wall and you have a lounge there and we
can read your newspapers and we have a full two room,
two person room where we can certainly accommodate three
visitors and a t least we have some,
uh, free margin for the next two years or
so. So
how do we split the room?
We
put
the furniture that we got for our reading room,
we put it into the
other half of the three person room.
Would
that
fit
a
little
divider of some kind?
-- But
-- what about if people want to have a small discussion in the lounge,
supposed to have a discussion in the
lounge? They, a re supposed to read their newspapers.
Well, not the newspapers because
no
scientific articles.
No, that's
not
the
goal.
The goal of the launch was, was a place where you can relax,
but
-- also to read articles. A t least
-- you can do it in your office.
So you would like to put it. Yeah, with an,
and then who,
-- who
-- you have good chairs to read newspapers that you don't want to break your heart?
Your, uh, your, your, your back ways in your office?
Yeah. Okay. But then that means that we'll put the lounge on the right side,
uh, here
and, uh, here we'll put two places for visitors.
33, but that means the office will be a t least for the moment empty.
-- That looks very
-- bad
visitor that is arriving.
Uh,
what
-- did
-- you say? A
visitor? It's a new person
-- arriving in
-- January. Okay. So that could take the, the free place over there.
Uh, I
mean,
the,
that could take 11 position in the,
in the, in the, in this place.
Yeah, I think.
Okay. So we need what, two free positions and one
new person arriving X or something like that.
Well, that's an idea. If you forget about the lounge,
what you could do is to move either Maria Maria or
Yalina in the, in the what is currently the lounge?
That means that
we have one person there with one free position.
We have one free position in the, in the room that Maria Yarina
is coming from and one free position over there.
So we have three position distributed over the rooms.
But we can,
I
mean, where is the lounge?
No
lounge? Okay. No way
I will, I'll have my head cut off if we don't have a lounge.
-- So of the
-- lounge and you put it in the corridor.
No, no, no, no, let's do the lounge corner.
The lounge is in the freezer. Okay.
A t least, I mean, otherwise I cannot really defend it because it,
it was agreed and we cannot just come back on every,
-- every decision we
-- went to get the budget for it.
Yeah,
I think
so.
Yeah,
I will explain to your visitor. Ok. But
unfortunately they have a position in the toilet because
-- there is a reading room where
-- people have to.
Well, let's have the visitors first.
Okay. So what we need is a new and two freeze.
So
I think we can put
what Maria or
Yalena, I don't want to separate them really. But uh
or
my cell, I don't like that office actually.
Um
So I was thinking to put here,
it
could be Nikos
for
instance,
-- could put, you can, can
-- switch.
No, we're not gonna keep Marian
in its three
first
place. Uh just having it, Marian
in the lounge. Yeah.
Yeah. No, we, yeah,
so it's either,
yeah, we could put a visitor with you Martin but it's probably okay.
Let's try one le let's try this.
Uh let's try Maria here.
I
mean,
and
-- oh, do
-- you? You don't mind?
-- Okay? Cause I
-- will be there a half time. Perfect.
-- And the visitors probably will not so much complain about
-- that. Wait a
minute then
Andre has a two person office all for himself.
-- No,
-- no, we'll put a visitor place in there
if you don't mind.
Well, there is this full time person arriving ini I think it's really important to,
to plan with that.
-- But
-- what's, what's your na me again?
And
I think it's Paula
-- um would it be
-- possible to have Paula in your
office?
-- Yeah. Could
-- be
cause that's,
that's something that we we should be deciding either
you want to keep me in your office,
which is alright.
And then
somewhere I I think that that's not
realistic
planning
goes
back to and
ok, we'll put Paula and the visitor here.
So Paola is the new person
and the visitor.
Uh this is that this one
and then we'll,
we'll still have probably some way to put a second visitor here with two
pumps.
Sorry, it's not very nice. But
does this display better?
Um
Well, no, but Paula being new, I, I think he
put her with somebody else.
Well, the, the lunch cannot be shared with two people. I mean,
you cannot go there and discuss and,
and two people working there in the room.
-- Yeah.
-- No, but we said that we won't discuss
or maybe if we organise some kind of, you know, coffee a t the end of the day or,
or drink, then the two people will stop working.
I don't know. Maybe they won't be happy.
Okay, then Martin, let, let me put you in that office and I'll put
Paola with me
or.
So Martin goes where
Martin stays.
You don't want to separate Maria and
Yalina.
Yeah, that's true.
Okay. So let's put Maria
in the separate office
and we have, yeah, and we have two visitors and a master student and a,
and a part time person
bi I was thinking the other way around.
Oh, sorry,
with Maria
in the two people room
and to have
vis one V
two,
-- Yalina and David in the three people
-- room.
So, who is with Maria here?
Okay.
Yeah. And no visitor.
No,
-- that's
-- a two people room.
So,
yeah, but that means that this room, the middle one would be quite empty.
All the, I mean, two visitors and the 50% pers person. I don't think it's very uh
reasonable.
Yeah, but let's split them a little bit.
-- So that when there a re no visitors, a t least people A R
-- E
no, the rooms have to look like they're sort of occupied too.
Yeah, I think
we might uh lose rumor two.
So this goes, here goes, visitor two
para.
There, here goes visitor one.
And is this better?
Except that we cannot read it. But
apart from this,
it's a little bit crowded in the
cause you have,
well, not yet, of course, because
Paula is not, has not arrived.
But uh starting from January, you will have two full time person.
Okay,
let
me
call this
visitor one
which implies that uh it will be the first one occupied by a visitor when they come.
And this visitor too, which means it's like a, well,
you know,
2nd
2nd chance.
But why couldn't we
basically
move you, David in this two people room with Maria?
Well, we
-- could what
-- would the
one half,
uh, half time person?
And you have Paula
Yarina, one visitor position. And I still keep hope that, uh, Marian NCOS at
the lounge will on the, on, on the,
on the long term
disappear because anyhow,
I don't believe there can be a lounge where in
a place where there a re already two people working.
So the lounge will just die after some point and
it's quite a long room.
It has two doors.
Oh,
yeah, it has two doors. Yeah,
very good.
Yeah. So maybe in the long run we'll get the wall.
Okay. That's true.
-- Okay.
-- Then, then there would be, although there a re three windows. But, um,
okay.
So why would we move David to Maria do with Maria? Do you have any preferences, David,
uh,
-- mixing pe, uh, men and
-- women?
So, well, he already is
and
the, the two visitors will be in one room.
But that, that's fine because maybe there a re not two visitors a t the Sa me time.
Yeah, I wouldn't put the two visitors in the SA me room because when there is no one,
it makes a big hole and when there a re two people.
So it makes
too many variations.
-- But, yeah, but then,
-- then you can, you can move, for instance,
if you move David to, uh, with Maria.
Mhm.
Then,
yeah, the occupancy is better that way.
I think you prefer that.
I
think
it's more
it's stable
because visitors stay and go.
Oops.
Sorry.
Uh,
what did we say here? This
one?
Yeah, that's my, uh,
to me that's the best we can do
if you,
if we realistically can plan to have a lounge.
Well, I think that was really decided and it's, it's no way.
No, because actually if we do a proposal without a launch
and, you know,
the other group will
the message. Yeah, exactly.
And that means that all the constraints that we set and uh
all the other things just www will just basically disappear.
Uh Which means we've worked for nothing.
Okay.
Uh
What's, what's wrong with this?
So who has strong,
strong opposition to that?
Uh I don't,
oh,
you have to go, Susan. Okay.
-- But
-- do you have any?
Yeah. Well, we're almost done, Susan. But uh w
we'll, we'll just check the, the items.
Yeah, please. Okay.
No
problem.
Yeah, we,
we'll just review the items to see if we okay look a t
all the constraints and then you'll be able to say the final.
Uh
yes or no.
-- Um I think we,
-- we, we accommodated most of the constraints
cause uh we a re sure that Maggie and Bruno,
uh Maggie is happy with having Bruno in her office and p
is happy to have uh Mariana.
Yeah, I think that's okay. We
check,
we check
and
Yes,
Nancy, no reason to think that they should be
a possible situation.
Me thing for Marian and Marian F and Nicos.
Uh Paula, we don't know yet because she didn't arrive yet. And uh, well,
Yalina a
that means that for a, for a short time,
-- Yalina will be just alone in a three person
-- room.
That's a
bit. Yeah, that was the point in letting David there and,
but okay, maybe we'll
just
it as an option, David or visitor one or,
-- but
-- then, then we, we could just for the sake of having a
defendable solution.
Uh As long as Paula is not, has not arrived, is to
switch for the proposal, Paula and David.
Mmh,
but we, we really plan that as soon as
Paola is here or even earlier.
Okay. So we'll know that
we,
that the region actually around here
is probably just movable
either.
Yeah, we can switch this, this,
-- this is dangerous
-- to propose.
I
mean, you have a three p, three person room with
one master student in it.
Yeah. No, exactly. Yeah, that I wouldn't, I wouldn't propose
that.
That's why I always try to put the separate the visitors just to balance a little bit.
But okay, we'll uh we'll be open on, on that as
soon as
is here.
Yeah,
and we will have this.
Well, it depends also on, well, if
Yalina stays longer or not, which is
not yet very clear. But um,
ok,
we'll see anyway, we,
we'll be open. When, when
is she
supposed to finish?
I don't really know I think our master thesis is probably due to. Um,
no, I would say, yeah, maybe June next year. A
t the latest. Yeah,
-- actually, I don't know when, when
-- do we, when do you, when do we uh where,
when a re we supposed to sub
submit the proposal?
Well, we, we won't have any extra meeting,
you know, the four of us. So, yeah, this one has to, to be the, the final one.
Um
So, um well, we'll have actually,
I, I'll present this
to well with the other,
I'll compare it with the other one and uh try to make a decision actually,
I think it's even uh a bit later or two days or
something
like that. So as soon as we have, Susan, we can uh we can um so I would, I would switch
-- again
-- again,
okay.
But that, as I say, it's just for the shape of the,
of the proposition. So I even um even ready to uh
to internally say that David will actually be in this room.
-- Yeah, w we can leave it like this and then
-- change. Uh There a re na mes on the doors.
Uh Yeah, there will be NA mes on the
cause. Susan, the, the, the, the problem,
the, let's say the tech, not the technical, the psy psychological problem we have is
I'm pre I'm extremely happy with that solution.
It will be a worker working solution starting from January when Paula will be here.
But currently, if we present it as it is,
we have a three person room that is only occupied by a master student.
No, because there's another person right now a student that I just,
uh, um, hired
-- and she's just working right now
-- for
that.
A
real, real,
-- she's a real visitor. She's a real visitor.
-- That
contract
for her for two
months.
So then we would have, okay.
Okay.
Yeah, we'll, we'll keep it like this.
Um,
okay. I, well, I'll try to, to express all these constraints and uh,
and say in particular that the two rooms over here actually a re sort of uh, well,
s things could be changed over there,
but
-- on some other
-- side, I have
to say that, that, that uh unit has to, has to have some.
Yeah, the visitor space. Yeah,
-- it's,
it's extremely important in the research domain that
-- we can have people coming to visit
-- us.
That's
-- the second
-- point I would suggest is that before you go to defend it,
you should uh, circulate it uh, over mail to all the, all the con
involved people.
Well, to double check.
-- So that I
-- think this, I'm not very sure,
but I think this will be done after the meeting.
I went before.
Okay, if you, if you spend time defending a thing and then um I dunno anus
comes to you or Pierre
comes to you saying no, I don't want to be with Marian,
as far as I know, I think Agnes is also taking care of a proposal. So. Okay.
Yeah, I'll circulate this
-- cost
-- anything. It's just
great. I have a view on the mountain and I'm with the person I like. So I'm happy.
Okay. So maybe we'll learn some more constraints.
-- Um What's
-- the timeline on this now? So, you have a meeting?
Um
Yeah, actually, as I, as I told, uh, Martin,
um, well, this is the last time we meet. So, uh this is well, more or less our proposal
and uh we'll have a meeting. I think it's, it's in two days or something like that
uh to discuss and compare with the other proposal and uh
well, make a final decision, actually,
-- probably a pre final one since we'll have to check again with
-- everyone.
It's not, it's not completely, it's an important issue because uh I need to know
when
I will have the office decided the phone number decided
because these a re information that I have to provide to the EPFL administration,
I'm reachable when I'm a T.
Uh Well, they can phone me on the mobile, but uh
I would definitely prefer to have
a clean field administrative form that I can
give back.
Well, so actually I think I, I'm not very sure, but
the most important thing is, well,
finding out when we will move and this happens in probably, I think next month or
depends also on how
Well, the, uh, the furnishing and, uh,
of course
you have
issues. How about internet connections?
-- Well, uh, network connections, I mean, how many connections
-- a re there?
-- Yeah,
-- because that's also something that we had double check.
-- You know, if you a rein a room with three people and one network. Oh, no,
-- no, no, no.
The, the, the building is very, no, actually I, I've seen it.
Uh, the building is very modern and, uh,
you can have activated,
we'll get them activated. A and I think you get a t least, yeah, three per room
or
for
the more bigger rooms you get double for every workplace.
-- You get two,
-- one, sometimes you
need
a
LA.
Yeah, sometimes you need 22 computers
because
people
have,
-- they have a son and they have a, a PC.
-- So
if you go back to the, uh, to the uh other sl slide where you have the furniture.
So this, uh, we do, we have any m any,
-- any word to say and so that I would like to have a red chair
-- or a blue
desk. Oh, no. Unfortunately, that's decided by the, uh, the school.
So the, the chairs, a reb,
the, the desk is, uh, is brown, well, light brown.
-- But do
-- we have to order something or is it done automatically?
So it will be in the office when we move in?
-- Uh,
-- normally it's done automatically except that we'll have to
think
places that we want to have.
Yeah. Uh, well, these a re dictated by the na mes,
uh, it's probably more difficult for the lounge.
What we'll have is have a bit less furniture in the lounge and then bring all the,
well, the old, it's not old because we, we just bought it.
But, uh,
all the furniture from the previous lounge will, will bring it here.
How about the boxes?
Because a TEPFL,
you have to say when you will be moving the
boxes so that you have uh people for moving them.
Well, here you're supposed to move them yourself or?
Well,
-- it's the faculty that will take care of
-- uh receive some information about that.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think usa, yeah,
I, I mean, it's a completely different issue from uh you know, arranging people.
It's just uh how the moving will take place and there a re all things to,
to take care of.
But uh it's uh quite unrelated with these things.
Yeah, we'll get, uh we'll get all the information
uh thinking about internet connections. I think it's quite okay for the,
the f the, the printer to be there.
Yeah, I think it's i it's feasible. We'll, we'll check. So the, the violet box here is
-- uh uh a re mail boxes also, by the
-- way, uh uh is there any wireless connection,
uh antennas for getting?
Yeah.
Not,
not, not in the building for the moment
there
is
down
and
pretty
soon
-- the whole building
-- will be covered.
I mean,
for the laptops it's,
yeah, but right now downstairs it's fine.
Some people can pick it up on the sixth floor,
but pretty soon the whole building will be covered.
Okay. Well, I think it's a bit off topic already.
So, um, let's say that I, it's a proposal.
We'll try, I'm, well, I'll try to, to express the, the constraints and, uh,
your opinions and, um,
well, I think finally everyone can veto
something if there is a huge problem.
But I think with this, we, we don't run into huge problems.
The four of us will not veto.
Yeah,
obviously
a t least. So, let me save this.
Thank you for spending all this time.
Ok.
Ok. You're all happy.
Just
gonna
push
on
here.